welome a welcome
Australia rattlesnake venom hits from media's
lips Dragon Queen cup of fire black arrows dark in the sky the order of the
rose with the bows and arrows horses riding full stride the hit
the mark every time psychotropic logos you know who's in the
right urses with a giggling smile produce the flowers with the pal I give
you my blood do you have the blood of the Dying God sell fire with the Stars
in Your Eyes rub it in the man who's laughing I am being drink Hall
from Aphrodite's lips OS purple juice coat gorgeous make your face melt terrot
cards dealt ancient songs of cosmic spells wave the magic war from overhead
Simon says hello hello to everybody tonight
this is a special lady Babylon what am I doing tonight tonight I am a addressing
the good people of Australia who are also devotees of the Gods of medicine
yeah what I'm GNA do is I'm gonna try to create a bridge tonight for you I'd like
to be able to bring you to the place where the medicine was happening in the
ancient world and I'm going to try to sink you into that Matrix so that you
can see how different what it is that we do today um how that's so strange
compared to what it is they did then or there advantages on either side I want
you to be able to skip across time just to look at the medicine and what I'm gonna do is look I'm a I'm gonna
introduce myself so that you can um feel a little bit more comfortable I'm not just the guy in the park with the trench
coat um I am Dr am Hillman and my PhD is in classical
philology that is Greek and Latin yes so
um philologists use those tools that allow us to access those written
sources from the ancient world my specialty was galin the
medicine right I did oh for my Master's I did a translation of galen's black
bile was about the plague that was going on oh God it was gorgeous
any then I worked on Roman Pharmacy and in writing a dissertation on Roman
Pharmacy I was told by my committee we um won't pass you unless you take out
the chapter on recreational drugs and any references to those drugs anywhere
else in the text um so I said fine and took it out and then turned it into a
book blew it up and sent it to St Martin's press and they took it and so
that's kind of how um I started off in my career um and what I bring to the
table is you know Classics should be a thing for
scientists um not for the keepers of humanities um I like to keep one foot on
either side of the fence so I want us to look at something a little bit
scientific and kind of follow these texts I think you're going to be very
pleased with h this portrait of medicine I'm gonna take 45 minutes and then I'm
GNA give you a chance whoever is here uh from Down
Under I want to give you a chance to ask questions and we can have a short
session here where I can take your questions and post them up and give any kind of answers that I can give or if I
can I can say I don't know um should be fun so I appreciate you joining to me
joining me tonight at lady Babylon and we're gonna go ahead and jump in chewy chew and jump into the
fight are you guys ready for this what am I bringing you before you bring it up
just to get you the background we're talking about Galen second century anod
doin he is a personal body physician to the emperor the current Roman Emperor
Marcus rius and he's the most prolific writer
of antiquity by far by far um thousands upon thousands
of pages many of them just about drugs I've got three volumes sitting here they're all can you hand me Chewy one of
those chewy is my pilot um here's volume 12 here's volume
12 this is uh I purchased this from John's Hopkins uh when I was a grad
student this is 22 volume set complete set of all of Galen published in 1826
there so um It's Greek right it's Greek just for people
to see it's Greek okay what is it uh it's basically
a physicians's medical text from you know civil
warish yeah here in the states yeah um anyo um I'm gonna be bringing you works
from those texts and let me tell you something nobody does this kind of work
in the last 10 years I did find a dissertation somebody's translating Galen um and I know there's another I'm
aware of another scholar out there who's an MD who also did a PhD with emphasis
and galin in Classics so um I know that there's a potential uh out there but
when I was in the field as a graduate student it was not acceptable my brinar
I wrote the book called The Chemical Muse and my brenmar classical reviewer said this is a dangerous book
um it shouldn't be read at a university right um yeah um now that same person is
writing um a book about Shamanism which will inevitably have drug use in it and
they asked what do you think about his Dr Hillman's work now well yeah no it looks like they're you know drugs oh
nice nice job people right what happened to me in my career was I was about 10
years ahead of uh the the curve and the
frontier as the London Times said about the work that I do the front uh it's
really the last Wild Frontier they call it of Classics I study the medicine and again
that whole volume that I just held up to you that's all drugs it's all drugs I
have forgotten more ancient drugs um than most most people know of
total drugs how is that it's because of the
language it's because of the language the language of ancient Greek is powerful all languages are not created
equal ancient Greek is powerful and has a just a crazy high crazy high number of
of uh independent words um yeah and it does that by word
building and giving people who use it the ability to be able to coin words as
they lived right on a daily basis it's why we have so much so many hop Hawks
legina not because these words only appear in one place and we didn't find it anywhere else but because those are
the individual authors's Creations some authors create more than
others and to watch the Artistry of ancient Greek it's humbling it's humbling makes you want to burst out and
tears oh God it's gorgeous okay here's what I'm going to do I'm going to give you an
article this article is about Galen when he decided hey I'm gonna go over to
limnos and I am going to purchase 20,000
DM 20,000 pills from the lynian
Priestess who makes the lynian earth oh my god listen to how many
different layers okay so I'm going to give you an article and I had people look at it before and I put the link
there so I know you've seen it I want to oh F we look at the you um I I I know
that you've seen it but let's uh let's run through it hit the hit hit the first
star system chewy yeah this is from archeometry right archeometry fantastic
2008 ACC ing past beliefs and practices the case of lyni and Earth liy and Earth
is a drug very well known in Antiquity just in great reputation as a
Panacea this thing does so much it it Wards off poisons it takes the negative
sides effects side effects of those poisons that you've been using and it
turns it into a positivity wait what yeah they're talking about capacitating drugs oh my
God the the tech here the the pharmacological Tech is off the charts
watch this um uh yep give me the next one chewy
boom I just want to read this to you lynian Earth a medicine in the shape of a stamped clay tablet or
frogus from limnos Northeastern Greece was much
valued in Antiquity and in the postm medieval period is an antidote to poison
and a treatment for other ailments although it was among the first archaeological materials to be subjected
to chemical analysis in 1807 well that was yesterday there is
still no clear understanding as to what made lynian Earth and effective medicine
we argue that LM and Earth the artifact was not the same as LM and Earth the raw material we suggest a composition for
the artifact by scrutinizing the do doumentary evidence for its properties and by considering
the geochemical processes that led to the formation of the raw material and
the ritual relating to its extraction wait what you're going to talk about the
ritual what why the the study of the latter highlights the need for archaeological material scientists to
recognize wait what are the what are these what are these nerds going to have to reckon with to re recognize ritual as
a possible manifestation of physical and chemical processes carried out inin the framework
of past beliefs and practices what do we have to do you can take it down what do we have to do we
have to consider that these drugs are being used and they're being prepped they're
being made in environments that are cult
we have to understand there's history here there's context right we can have lists of all
the drugs that they're using and their rights we can have those we do but what
we don't have is that environment that [Music] authentic antique environment this is
late Bronze Age I want you to be thinking where's all this Tech coming from it's coming from women with aop
poisons um and it's they're d dous you know what I mean um and we've got a
technology that's developed of do and antidote this is a late Bronze Age oh
God like 1 1200 1200 BC right forget the E 1200 BC and what
happens what happens uh the drug knowledge goes through the roof and we
even have particular individuals historically they're noted
as The Craft men that pioneered the field um and a lot of them are called
witches right the most famous of which is media and she was known for having just
a phenomenal amazing pharmacological knowledge and she developed rights rights where she
would Christ herself and then turn an entire Community into a psychedelic
dance oh my God it was bakic reality um
this lynian Earth that Galen is looking for this lynian Earth um is part of this
tradition there is a priestess there right there is a priestess there and
it's only through her that we get this once in a year um supply of drugs they
only do it she only does it once a year yeah and they make the drug it's got her seal on it it puts her seal on it
because for those of you who don't know if I'm living in the second century and
I need to go buy some drugs because I just went to see my doctor and my doctor
said hey you need some drugs um why are they always throwing drugs at me it's just like today isn't it no not quite
not quite because back then it's the balance of the individual that you're
looking to maintain right so everything in my environment that I use in these compound
drugs and when I say compound I'm talking 20 30 40 50 the mythics have 50
to 65 somewhere in that range right um ingredients different ingredients and
these are all plants animal products I've seen things used oh my God today
we're going to look at the grime that you can scrape off a boy wrestler's skin
did you know that stuff's a drug wow fantastic let's go oh is it
babies that's somebody from the Satanic congregation yes because they they want
me to note I think that baby blood was used as well um as a
Madison yeah fantastic yeah interesting um let's go to the next one boom so this
is the introduction Lim and Earth from limnos to the northern aan was a listen
Fame from classical Antiquity postm evil time hit the next one we already got that go chewy we're off one star
assistant by here we go are you ready ustus in his 12th century anod Dominic
com oh sorry his commentary on Homer's Iliad right he notes that the priests of
the metalsmith god hephestus were healing those who had
been bitten by snakes now he gives the Greek here thank you thank you for this
very much Jeb I guess this is um
to those are those priestesses of or those Priests of hephestus and who are
these other one Aon do you see the verb the verbs right there on the four on the third line down
Eon um from Theo that's where we get our word therapy in anglosaxon
barbarism right we had to steal it from them because we're too stupid to thank
it up for ourselves thank you mother Greek thank you very much yes yes all
languages are not created equal you know it's a shame it turns out you are who you are because of the language that you
speak can you believe that is there are we capacitating people yeah with with
the Greek this is wonderful um let's go to the next one please boom
yeah no wait did we do that yeah yeah yeah okay here I want to keep pointing out that we need still need that one
take that rediscovering medicine down for a second I want everybody to see what is
it what is it that they treat these Priests of Festus what is it literally I
don't want any theories I don't want any ideas I want to see what is it they're actually
trading and it's that last word oh ofus those who are
otic bring it up you know how this works ladies and gentlemen this is from this
what you're seeing below you below me is a uh Oxford is the Oxford um lexicon for
Greek ancient Greek so all what we have here is a word and then a whole bunch of
different sources that use the word and what you can do with this type of lexicon is you you can track the history
of the word because word meaning drifts over time your context determines what
that word is going to mean and if you don't know different styles and different
periods and different Lexica you're in trouble that's what reading these
ancient text does for you it creates in your mind a history of where the Greek was well look at this word all office
what are these people who need are in need of treatment their office something what is an office oh Serpent and stop
it's not exactly what you think of a serpent right serpent just a snake right
look at Roman numeral number two it's like a draon there's another word for snake yeah that's another word for snake
different kinds of snakes the ofus what is the best example of the ofus the ofus
was in the garden the ofice is the one who opens the eyes yeah gives access to that fruit um
look here um also constellation that's nice nice we've got a lot of whenever we
get um old Bronze Age religion and remember there's no distinction between
religion and Medicine There's no distinction all right okay good good I
want and you have to understand the connection to the Natural you have to
understand the connection to the you know these your polytheistic n nature
lovers yeah and they're taking all their resources and Galen is traveling to
limnos just so he can pick up a whole giant batch of these things yeah it's
got to have the Seal of the Priestess of limnos or this stuff doesn't work and it's expensive bro as you can imagine
it's a cural it's cural you start taking this stuff oh God people at work they're
going to notice they're going to notice they're going to be whoa look at that Marcus aelius did other other people
were like look at him he looks 10 years younger W oh I love it give me the next
one these are the details you get in the medical side what are the now where are
we mentally I just told you the priests of aestus they treat people who are
ofus right and and we know we saw the ofus from that that is the first part of the word is a serpent like a draon we
get our word Dracula from that one I like that one draon those are the dragons what are the dragons dragons are
Temple Guardians just like midusa the Medusa right they're Temple Guardians
they guard things Medusa usually guard individuals right and they have more of
a governing role whereas the dracones those dragons they're just there for the
security of that Relic you know in the case of the people who were researching
the drugs it was a song that was written on a golden fleece um by a woman named
media and we get medicine from her name isn't that awesome oh God I love it okay
we got to keep the track here um what what is that um deos what does it come
from it comes from this verb dno right and it really means to bite if you look
through this to Chomp down to bite um but look how the the meaning of it is um
is gaseous look at number two Roman number two it's a pungent you know what happens when you get the smoke in your
eyes you got that bite you got that sting and what did the Greeks do they
did what they always do and they take the concrete and immediately turn it into an abstraction and then they can
play with it mentally and that's what they did look of the mind it means to bite or
sting yeah and what is it used of can be used of love right that sting do you know where
the love of Aeros comes from it comes from a bow it comes from a
bow yeah it's a toxin on the end of the bow we have one that's called cion that
I can shoot you with I can shoot you with and then um apply
it to a medicated dildo um a leather the ones that I've seen leather right but um
apply it to a leather dildo and then um give you the medicine right apply the
medicine to your rectal um you can see how the lines between
sexuality and medicine and cult are totally blurred what is the symbol by
the way we're on the island of limnos we're on the island of limnos and what
what do you find there on the island of limnos who it's the god priapus baby
it's the god Prius this old palasan God he's the god of the erection he's the
god of the erection yeah the Romans rub his statues fallace for the sake of luck for the
sake of luck right and when I say luck I mean marital luck now is this medicine that we're talking
about yes if you want to treat depression like they did in Antiquity
and you say would they use a whole bunch of drugs yeah they did but they did it
in a very very strange way um you can induce states of mania for the
well-being of the patient you know remember ecstasy
ecstasis is a a greatek concept and what is the idea based on the word it's a
yanking out of yourself from your location it's literally what it is it's
a transfer of your Consciousness to a place that's outside of yourself so that
you can look at the person who is you that's what it says on the top of the
Temple of Apollo he's the oracular Divinity it says no
yourself know yourself and how can you do that you do that with rular mirror
magic and yes it involved a whole bunch of drugs and a whole bunch of
Rights the drug that gayen is purchasing to the tune of 20,000 of these things um
uh he's he's only he's doing it specifically via the
Priestess because it's her l L that preserves the scientific knowledge of
how to prep the drug it's pretty complex let's go by the way for those of you who think everybody who lived before you did
was a dummy um you got another thing coming let's go to the next one look at
this what is it we're all looking for we're all looking for oyas oyas notice the sigma row root or
St in English Sigma tal row you're going to see this gadfly it's a gadfly oh okay a gadfly
look at number definition number two under Roman numeral number two any vehement desire insane passion you see
what we're doing we're taking the concrete and we're creating the abstract
and then the abstract has its own vocabulary if you keep reading you're going to find it means Madness and
frenzy Madness and frenzy Madness and frenzy um let's go up
wh go ahead flash that up chewy wants to Mesmerize look at that oh look at that
now you know if you were a horse and you got bitten by Mr gadfly you know that
it's gonna induce a certain response this is where we get the word estris
from estrus from yeah estris do you understand the impulse now
that is the oyst and how do you create this impulse you do I just told you you
do it with arrows and arrow poison give me the next one give me the next one
yeah the cup of Babylon indeed right it is technically love it give me the next
one um what are we thinking about when we're thinking about this oysters and this Mania that comes from the arrow
poison here's the name EOS I just want you to notice in Greek EOS what does it mean it means Arrow it means Arrow now
this next one EOS wait what it means another thing yes it means
poison as of serpents one of
the no not one of the most leave that up for a second J the
most unattributed genius to human history is the
development of um reptilian
Venoms yeah and the antidotes that will counteract those Venoms yeah and they
didn't look at it as counteracting they looked at it as um
potentiating right that thec that Beast that thec is a compound formula and it
holds up the cup of Lady Babylon what is eos it's poison poison of serpents look
look look look look look at at the bottom the very bottom poison it says in the Latin is weirus eos look what they
did they put a dma it's probably because the Romans are being influenced by the atrans and the Greeks in the north and
they're palasan phian or autous ancestors so
they're getting that dma it's a w sound it's an invisible letter in Greek isn't
that awesome it's an invisible letter in Greek think of this think of this they
understood they felt where this letter actually was um weirus and Latin tell me
so that's why you see the V looking thing that's actually a w sound in In
classical Latin bring up to the next one yeah bring it to me what is a weeders in Latin look it says it's from that EOS
right but what is it some slimy liquid yeah in particular it's used in the bad
sense of like a poisonous liquid poison a Venom right or a
wus synonymous with wum what is wum vum is drug baby right um poison you can
translate it as poison too um and the funny thing is is that comes right out
of the Dawn star right out of the Dawn star how do I tell you that Venus do you
notice Venus is in there yeah the root linguistically Venus why do I have Venus
associated with the drug give me the next one why do I have Venus associated
with a drug this is starting to get kind of strange look people in the paper they
told you we have to consider the the the context here the
religious context the ritual context because that's going to be changing things like the drug you want to know
what the drug really was right you have to know what they did to it how they prepped it and how they
used it and we have that stuff in the absence of the conventional means to start a scientific investigation we take
the unconventional approach of attempting to arrive at the nature of LM and Earth by working backwards that is
from scrutiny of the existing evidence okay now watch this people we submit that this evidence should be
collectively encoded in the following major areas of study a the relevant text
of classical authors wooo yeah you could have St St right there and I would have been like oh yeah baby you're now we're
there b the understanding of the nature of Clays okay you see what's happening
we're bringing in an expertise we're going to do some geology we're going to figure out how
many angstroms those things are apart and then next thing you know we've got a better understanding I see of what the
what was at least in the environment of the drug before it was changed by the
Priestess um and see the numerous accounts relating to the ritual oh look at that they're
acknowledging that the ritual now is of value or is critical to understanding
what the drug was I'm gonna say something okay you can take it down I'm
gonna say something it's gonna shock you there is no ancient mystery including
Christianity including Judaism there is no ancient
oracular mystery that does not use drugs yeah yeah they all do and there's
so many of them I can read gay and and just stuff goes in one ear and out the it's different whole bunch of different
types of plants plants that we can't even identify properly and oh God you um
the poly Pharmacy is just um it's an understanding of our environment that we
we just don't have modern modern healthc care doesn't take this into
consideration the balance that is in your environment it doesn't it doesn't do that let's go to the next one chewy
this is fantastic I want to we got to hurry up bring the devil are you ready for this okay here give me that one what
is the cult context here is the cult orphic hymn to
fesus yeah and you know what there that first line
says um it means we're g uh in this with the re with the singing of this hymn you
need to burn as incense a very fine
powder of Frankincense yeah not regular right not
that chunky stuff but the really processed fine powder right okay you
know there's expenses I guess he F this is a hyn to aestus and I want you to
look at the first the end of the first line Aon it's calling hesus the
aamon PO is the word for fire for
fire okay now wait a minute we know that media sews the seeds of fire and that
that's what makes her medicine so profoundly strong um what is the
aaton what does that mean in Greek to be a aaton what is the go ahead another this
one there we go what does it mean it means without a sense of toil oh
Victorian England you just oh it's just kind of not tired yeah not
tiring yeah okay without a sense of toil that which never Fades is
aatos that which never Fades what is that Flame the vestals talk about their
flame this way right it's the flame that always
lives this is our hephestus as we live on limnos okay just
I'm holding it up here great um ever living flame ever living flame chew hit
me the next one what else uh what else is he um I wanted you no it's on the
previous page it's there here light this up what what else is he he's phosphor or
phosphoros and who is that who is that phosphorus
is Lucifer the bringer of light um and he is part for those of you
who have not met Satan um he is part of a much older pre-christian
premist it's before Judaism right it's coming out um at the
during the Bronze Age and what they're doing is they're worshiping Sun and Moon
and Earth and the stars are the powers right the stars are the powers and um
within this religion you have a title of she who understands those drugs best and
she is the medwa or the granddaughter of the
son okay so all right um and I want people to be thanking so phosphorus he's
a guardian he's a guardian he is that morning star Remember Venus that we were
talking about before right it's right okay so wait we want to get to the
science don't we let's get keep going we need to get to the science boom no it's
okay go to that one boom fantastic I wanted you to see here oh yeah bringing to light and all that
oh look look the name of an isav isn't that interesting by the way
christing means to apply a substance to somebody's eyes that causes you to enter
a state of mania you love it um a lot of eye stuff here keep going we need to
mosy along because people need good time here what is the god that we worshiped
so our authors our scientifically inclined authors it um in their
archeometry Journal um archaeometry said that um we
need to maintain you know to find out what was in those things what was in those Clays and Earths that they were
using right well and we need to appreciate the cult in order to do that well this is the cult name for hephestus
technos and look they give it the one example is what I just showed you from
the orphic hymn to hephestus right this is one of those hop Hawks
leina right it's only going to appear once because that author is pulling from
the air this concept what is techno Dias techno is from Tech which is the word
for art or skill or science science and dios is your diet it
is your regimen it is your way of life so
the way of life of our Divinity our lynian
God is a way of tech of
skill of skill and precision when you have to make calculations you're
functioning within a tech so what what is this this is a big sign that says hey
this Guild these people are educated as hell right and we've got to be careful
of what they're doing the greatest physician in all of Rome is Galen and
he's going to this liian Priestess he doesn't know how to do this process he know what it's about all he knows is it
only works if she does it otherwise it doesn't work and it's stuff is being
faked and gayen talks about that constantly the drug Market in Rome you
lots of fakes and so doctors develop stamps seals Impressions that you can
put into a pill and and and people can see it and say oh this obviously belongs
to doctor so and so he's reputable so we can use this one um gayen still doesn't
have that knowledge that the priesthood does so we're talking about technical
technical crafts these medical guilds these medical priesthoods these medical
temples it's where all of the basic knowled is the anatomy the what we would
call physiology anything to do with growth anything thing to do um with any of the
hard the botany and um bro in to the pharmacology all of that stuff these um
these medical guilds priesthoods really is what they are they're the ones who are kind of
shouldering the the burden of all the knowledge yeah it's fantastic give me
the next one let's go sale I'm going to take a few more than five more minutes I'm prob taking another 15 but here um
to paraphrase through his comments on cognitive archaeology to access Pathways
of thought via the means of proper scientific inquiry one does not need to
rely solely on methods of scientific analysis but rather on the explicit
nature of the reasoning that sustains it in this paper we build a case for the
nature of liian Earth as an ancient medicine not on testing or analysis of a sample because we're not going to have
any of The Originals right but rather on the basis of reasoning out of the evidence available so doing we arrive at
a composition for lynian earth and the active ingredient Within by examining
the evidence and focusing on the ritual of its extraction is the ritual a covert form
of both a geochemical process and deliberate
benefic beneficiation right now unfortunately what you're seeing is that an invasion
of church right it wasn't they were turning it they
were yeah one of the weaknesses of this article is that it takes the entire
history of the drug and you have to realize that things are different when
the classical priesthoods break down and are replaced they're forbidden and then
replaced um the knowledge is lost so if you're going to talk about anything
postclassical you're going to be you're going to be you know it's no wonder that you find this stuff doesn't actually
work um because you're using that corrupted pool of knowledge yeah and no
if if we're gonna have the stuff that works that sample that actually works
that has that ancient reputation of being such a great uh drug we're going
to have to go all the way back to the one that the lyni and priestesses
produced that's what we're going to have to do give me the next one chewy and you know it's not that hard to do that um
yeah yeah uh believe that the sacred Earth blah blah the Alum oh here look at
the bottom the Alum bearing Waters of the spring DED right so what happens he
says the ritual of the extraction of this clay and
of the creation the ritual of the creation of this lynian earth right
um and manual processing imparted with divine blessing whatever it's it's off
uh what a procedure part natural part man-made that was carried out successively on a set of days year in um
year out this involves the redirecting of the Waters of the nearby spring over
the pit from which the Earth was bring being extracted right yeah yeah the
redirection was carried out deliberately in the course of a year the pit on its own would have provided no more than a
clay used for po uh potting lowest grade or a clay blah blah blah with um uh
those different constituents in it and he gets down to he says the Alum bearing Waters of the spring deriv from alanite
Rich rock below would have been absorbed by the clay enriching it into Alum which we believe to have been the special
ingredient now notice now go ahead and take it down notice that he's um he's
concerned about what is the one ingredient what is the one thing right
what is that one communion what is that one drug they
were using um Greco Roman Pharmacy is so
far Advanced um that they would never be
asking the question which drug is the one doing the
job remember we're we're talking about balance we're talking about changing
human physiology by means of the balance that's in nature
that's why it's good for you to have some Venom every once in a while yeah
fantastic let's go to the next one see what they do these people are using Venom by the way right the Venoms the
Venoms are all um they affect growth oh my God
chronic imagine this chronic Administration how are how are they go ahead and leave that up but how how do
they ultimately these Venoms how are they administered right you make a compound
drug with the Venoms in it and then you impregnate a strip of cloth bandage and
you put it over wound wounds that you have self-inflicted is that nice um and you
get a chronic administration of your Venom enriched um formula and yeah it's to
watch what it does to growth is amazing it's amazing the stuff that that they
were doing in Antiquities is um is mindblowing when you get into the tech
when you get into the remember these Works in and Greek these are never these are not translated these are not
translated right why because classicists are um are not trained in The Sciences
traditionally so it's it they're it's like struggling go to the next one it's like struggling with the you know giant
gorilla documentary evidence for alum galin says Lim and Earth is a stringent
this is powerful evidence that the Alum is a significant opponent of Li and
Earth as there are very few potential stren substances so look what is he
doing he's interpreting let's just see what the source says let's just see what the source says blow it up Tre this one
the print is terrible on this one blow this one up whoever did this for that article shame on you you should be go
back yep blow that one up thank you so much um here we go watch this Tuton
de yeah
yeah so the lynian Earth has the
strongest effect it has the strongest capacity of all the
Earth and you say wait a minute what am I talking about those
Earths the you got to leave it up those Earth are um what you get from
metalon metalon sounds like metal it's not metalon
reminds methon Minds when you are digging into the dirt to
harvest to farm out those medically Active Components that create the
balance those things um you you're creating Earth
Earth and the lynian form taken at this one time a year by the same Priestess
right or the same Priestly line I should say um that uh that this is the stuff
that really works and you're G to want to say oh it's one thing it's one
ingredient because that's how our Medicine and Pharmacy that's how they're oriented what's the one drug right no no
no no the thing compound here and he says uh what else do he say he says it's
got a stipic power in it it's got a stipic power in it go to the next one
this is a what that word stipic is coming from it comes from this Greek word
stepsis which means a contraction you know it's a stringent causes you to stop
bleeding right causes you to stop bleeding and dying now wait a minute is
dying medicine yes in Antiquity dying is medicine all you Baptists out there who
have been died in the purple and have been to the death and the resurrection
those of you who have been there know what I'm talking about you've taken that thos seone that death inducing drugs
wait a minute you mean they even had death inducers yes why because when you
put somebody into a death State under the right conditions and you bring them
back using the proper aola the proper images we get idolatry in in English
from that when you have the proper images you can give somebody a new
life how's that you send them to the other side and bring them back you know what that does your
psychology let me tell you something medical professionals of Australia um for those of you who have
ever had to deal with patients of mental issues psychiatric issues psychological
counseling any of those you can take certain types of
patients like the splenic melancholic people and you can put them through a
week of fasting give them a drug drop them into a cave full of
snakes and after 3 days pick them up on the other side don't worry there's water
in the cave and although it's completely dark if you follow the stream you'll get
eventually to the outside have people died doing this yeah but you know you got to break some eggs baby for the sake
of mental health right when you get to the other side they call it you look like you've come from the cave of
tronus right it means that you're completely and utterly destroyed and Afraid terrorized why because they gave
you a psychosis inducing drug when they dropped you in there now my question for you
modern uh health care and Allied Fields you
know we would never do this I don't care what side of the globe you're on we would never do this but for some reason
you could take a person who's depressed and you can cure them of their depression and it's a one-time
deal is it something to do with all of the brain chemistry I'd like to think
that was an elegant elegant part of it yeah um but you know hey might it may be
fun too maybe you've got maybe you've got some people you counsel or you've got some patients who would be well
served by getting dropped into a cave full of snakes um after taking
psychotropics yeah it it may now the other one that was I did read gayen was talking about the cure for one of the
cures for um a type of um I guess the best way to call it would be manic um
depression um is involves intercourse right drugs and intercourse which you
never think about that either right but at what point you know what they're doing is they're working with the brain
right and um at what point do you stop and say okay what are the drugs that they're using what are the effects that
they're having on the brain and how does the sex act that's involved how does that sex act reset brain as well is
there something that your brain is doing while orgasming that is different and those drugs are affecting it in some way
and that's going to cure your depression right we're cleansing ourselves they're they're looked at as
purifications purifications and you'd be surprised at all the mental health care that ancient Physicians are wrapped up
in you'd be really surprised at all the mental healthc care drugs amazing
beautiful stuff beautiful stuff let's go back oh oh god um yeah I'm on a little
bit of a extra rooll but I'm going to give you everything look at this gayen
makes it clear that lmy and Earth should not be washed more than once I'll just tell you that really he says look um the
other stuff you got to wash it a couple of times right two to three times he says but the stuff that is already
prepared by the Priestess don't touch it don't do that right you're going to
alter it and the author of The you know article makes some conclusions about well what this mean it must mean there's
a soluble component that's being washed out of it right okay well that's nice this possibility yeah great observation
sure um and uh altered rocks that are red oh now he's going to start talking
about what are the other ones look we get alanite alanite an insoluble pottassium aluminium sulfate that forms
on relatively high temperature hydrothermal acid sulfate alteration of
Volcan rocks oh my God that is perhaps the nerdiest thing I've ever heard in my
life um but you know that's great science people there's SE this paper this is trying to track down the two
authors they're trying to really track down what is it in the substance but
they recognize at the same time that we're never going to figure out what it
actually did because we don't know all the cold we don't know know all the um science
behind the cult what is it that they're doing in their preparation the drug you know they prepare drugs in the human
body they you're taking the body and you're tweaking it to the point that the
body is able to produce a communion media did this the first she used her
vaginal excretions why she kept her drugs there
yeah wait a minute what not in a little you know I don't know I
can see a sack or baggie or I don't know maybe something even nice you know cigar
box or something like that um she kept them where in her
vagina yeah those ones that Christ you that she
figured out they're prepared via human filtration she used her V China as a um
Factory one author flacas calls it a it's not really a factory it's the the
means the black box that you can put something in that creates something else
right it's that mortar from the mortar and pestle right that's how he phrases it
for her vagina right and she's not the only one we have examples of vaginal drugs we
have others in especially in the oracular tradition with like the god Apollo yeah so there's a completely new
Dynamic approach to what the existence
is in a state of health you are in a state of balance with those Wild Roots
that are out there and those things that grow on the trees and um all of those
fruits all of those fruits and you know some of those fruits come in the form of animals and there's certain animals you
can lick and certain animals let's go to we need more body fluids in here let's go to the go to the next yep boom um
Alum look he's just going to talk about Alum that's great that's great I let's keep going because I don't want to keep
holding people too long okay breakr keep going this well this is what we're concerning people ultimately just comes
down the paper says is it Alum is it
is it Mont marinite is it hematite keep going yeah
lynian Earth appears to have been first recognized as a pigment but not as a medicine oh so what are the authors do
they go back to as many references as they can they can't to the drug or to
the um substance that's ultimately used as a drug or medicine and they can't get
they can't pen petate into the cult so they can't see those seeds of fire right
um so we have a combo here okay we're just going to throw those out it may have something to do with one of these
one of these substances right right okay um and he says at once it's called meal
toast right and that's the dye that's the Dy okay we're Dyers we're religious
Dyers who trans um who who uh are able
to cross a a Quantum barrier yeah to the other side I
get it okay kind of makes sense um we've got wheat rust in there I just wanted
you to see that that red wheat rust and robigo and then all of a sudden we start talking about is this medicine yes but
we're talking about drugs that can be used to enchant and you say to yourself
what now if you've ever been a counselor or um psychologist psychiatrist say
you're a psychiatrist and you've given drugs you've given out your prescription to somebody what you are doing is you
are enchanting that person you're putting them into a state that they're not normally I'm going to be in right
now they looked at it positively in Antiquity they looked at it as you are taking away the pain and you are
replacing it um with an artificial but naturally embedded power and that's
namely those drugs go give me the next one oh God look at this people are a word for Toxic by the
way comes from tox Salma and what does that mean in Greek it means Arrow Arrow remember the Greeks said
before they got there the autoist people were um the
pans and these are um horse cultures that developed ultimately those poisons
that the cians then um push and use right media has 12 cyan assistants who
were known for their drug knowledge as well right so you know this is a big deal by the way media also built a
gigantic Bridge underneath the Euphrates river right with all sorts of beautiful
stuff on the inside so um if you thinkk you know better you don't you don't you
know what I mean you can't how can you get more beautiful than that let's keep going boom
conclusion in this paper we offer the bulk composition of limni and Earth the medicine as being essentially a clay
consisting approximately 40% 35% 20% and 5% now how closer are we to anything
historically do you see how this type of research is difficult because what have we really learned okay all it gives us
is like a a shadow of what the ingredients may have contained right
notice I say contained not what they were what they contained in the processing what is she
doing in the processing of this drug and that's the problem that you have to go
to the cold to be able to penetrate to to get those answers give me the next one
boom yeah this uh the ritual of extraction at the bottom provided a means for concentrating both clay and
soluble minerals okay so all of that brings us to that
conclusion right that there's got to be something that they're doing in the process we don't know all the details we
know we don't because people like Galen didn't right and so they're keeping this
within their Guild yeah so it's not I don't know if it was that I if it really
matters that we got um no we don't need to see that go to this one please nope
this one I'm gonna hurry up here now here in the end I want to just I I want
to so we have that paper and I want to introduce you to just a couple of ideas that are in the environment of the cult
that you may not have picked up on but certainly would influence how we're looking at these the manufacturer and
use of these drugs kisos what is kisos it's well it's cloud of dust right but
it's also that mixed oil and sweat on wrestlers and that stuff is potent man
you can make you make some pot putting drugs out of that um look at number three it's also a demon of the same
class as Prius now wait a minute and you're gonna say oh you're gonna feel
your modern world kind of breaking down what do they mean it's a demon it's a
demon a diamone is a power a gospel is what a drug
does yeah an Evangelion a gospel are you kidding me the word before the
Christians um way later than Jesus started started referring to it you mean
that that meant uh the capacity of a drug compound yes that's its gospel it's
what it does to save to bring soia or salvation you didn't think it was odd
did you that Jesus is the old great physician right because all of those christs are right they're dealing with
drugs now look at here at the bottom a demon of the same class as Prius Prius
is the god on limnos with that giant erection that giant erection that's
where we get our anglish term priapism yeah they called it sosis in
ancient uh both Greek and Latin use that and it means that you've got a constant
erection now the Physicians said seven days is the long as you can go this way
using these cult drugs seven days of sustain erection otherwise they said people die I wish I don't know maybe it
was cardiac I don't know what it was but I can imagine that a stress on the system physiologically you know what I
mean I'll let you healthc care people figure out what causes that somebody
give me a give me a response if you know it and what is this
conos what what is this that I this is the word that we were just looking up right the stuff that you scrape off of
naked wrestlers right it's got the sand for your Arena on them and everything um and
what is this book that we're this source that we're looking at it is hus and he is an ancient lexicographer and he's
going to tell us he's going to Define it for us in Greek so he says the conos is the
conos thank you seriously okay and what is that it
is it's a dirty Amorous dance where
i o where your genitalia are stretched
out right right okay wait a minute do I need that drug for this it's all
connected give me the next one you're in the medicine people need deep look at it what is a what is a con ortos it's dust
raised or stirred okay it's dirt but look at the bottom a dirty fellow that's
the a dirty fellow that's the Victorian way of saying that dirty dance that the
con Salos does by shaking himself in a certain way to get you to be able to
enter into the right right um that's here we've got it okay fine what do we
have to do we have to there's somehow we can use the sweat of this business figure out what's going on look at these
texts I know you don't believe me look at these medical texts I'm about to bring up hit me with the first one this is Galen people pure medicine in this
section he's writing p OS what is that oh it's a hros it's
sweat it's sweat he Oh my he went to Great Links to talk about medicinal
varieties of sweat did you know that the people around
you um have sweat that can be used in the composition of
medicines interesting what about this one what kind of substance is this Petty
uru uron right you guys are going to recognize that one right that's urine I
have never seen so many references to urine in my life is when I started
reading galin um that's also because they use urine as a method of diagnosis
so when you come to me and you're like hey hey Doc um I've got you know I've
got this thing going on kind of dizzy and um you know first thing I say is let
me drink some urine yeah so you drink your patients
urine and the act of doing that allows you to use your mind to determine uh
what the state of that ill balance is right so if your urine looks this way
if it smells this way you know you can tell from the smell Gay's big on smelling urine he's big on smelling urine he's
always smelling urine it's patience urine give me some urine right um but it's a way to diagnose because you're
dealing with the natural if you can go out and pick up a toad and lick its
whatever and enter into a mind altered state um it surely makes as much sense
to say you can gain Knowledge from the body products the the
bodily products of somebody of another person yeah so you can see right away
the line especially with the sexuality because remember the priestesses are blamed as being prostitutes later right
so the acts that they're performing um
there we are chewy fantastic couple of Tie fighters um let's to the last couple
of slides what else we were at sweat and urine what else are we going to be testing here oh people look now this is
the big one are you ready P pomon poron right what is this this is a
special communion formula made from the porur from the purple right oh God right
you mean they drank that stuff they used to dye stuff with yeah they did and they
also used it rectly and O L right love it love it it stains by the way Heracles
dogs all drank it and it stain their lips purple keep going dogs are all
another form of Temple Guardian I know that only because they said that in Antiquity right oh dragons and wolves
those are those are Temple authorities look at this what else do we need we need spittle did you ever notice that
Jesus was spitting in people's mouths and eyes spitting on the ground putting it in people's eyes ah right here it is
the spittle Galen has an entire section in this one at least in this one um
tradus on the use of the spittles and what kind of different spittles do what remember when you see these ancient
Physicians SL Shaman represent they're always doing crazy stuff with their own
body fluids right the masters of Greek democracy who were
influenced by people um to push the world towards um what we call democracy
um those those people were using drugs epines was using
drugs they took his skin off him when he was done and they turned it into a relic
and the Spartan F Force watched it guarded it keep going um do we see how
much drug use is going on it's amazing and finally milks milks and the
strangest milk that I've seen the strangest milk that I've seen is the milk of the parthenos and in this tretis
of galin he talks about what to put on the breasts of the paros he doesn't just
call them mo he doesn't use the word Mone he uses um teos which is or ton
which is a uh grapelike breast it's a developing pre you know kind of early
puberty developing breast right um and he talks about the milk from that and
what it does and what it looks like um yeah so you can see so if gayen is gonna
have access to that level of knowledge um you know that's probably the tip of
the iceberg for what the Priestly crafts are doing right um but you know I never
thought I never thought of harnessing body fluids um that are being used in
medicine until I started seeing how they were creating these Medusa um and that's
when I noticed the lateral slits and the arms and the constant exposure they also have whipping they'll do this thing
where they whip the back and then they'll apply a Sav to it something about the release of whatever it is that
that whipping action does whether whether it's adrenaline or whether it's
but um they're using the drugs like imagine your doctor never tells you take
this medicine go home and you know have your
wife you know beat you with a cane while you take the medicine well I don't know
doc does that make does it make a difference um with the medicines they're using it makes a big difference but
they're also claiming to be able to control things that we're not able to control um the mental illness for
example um also they have cancer treatments um they have um Galen uses
lni and Earth on a breast and I was talking when I was in grad school I was talk because I I was privy privy to
these texts and I got my bacteriology advisor and I said hey can we sit down with some of the people from
bti microbiology and Classics and can we have like can I give a paper on this
cancer cure and maybe we can come up with what the hell's going on and we had
a nice discussion about it but um it was basically guesswork it was it you know
well it could be something you know some one person said it could be some kind of radioactive element in the ground in the
clay that was causing some kind of you know deterioration because gayen says he takes it he puts it on the breast he
sews up the breast and then the lump goes away it dissolves right um
so I don't know we got to some interesting possible conclusions just like this paper did but the fact is
until we get into the source cult um we
don't you uh we don't have a hope of ever trying to really you know achieve
what they achieved or get to what level that they got to give me that last slide
I want um I just wanted to end here by saying look this is uh this this is a
priest writing this he's writing about thcs and he says hey this limni and
Earth and he uses the word milto here MOS here right which is um what the guy
in the paper was talking about but what does he say at the end on that bottom line he says it is a tharion for every
sort of problem it's a tharion that's that word that means
to enchant to enchant yeah and they're
using it in order to they're saying we're able to change a mental state for
example towards um sexual drive right you can change that with the
right drugs you can so the person the model for ancient medicine I'll end with
this um then we'll take some questions the model for ancient medicine is that
the person has a natural disposition and that differs um between
all individuals there is no drug one that is going to
treat all of those different individuals doesn't work like that the fact is every
individual is different and by understanding your particular
composition you can and balance yourself with what is in your
environment so it's a very different model of medicine it's very it's very old uh very Bronze Age and it relies
almost exclusively on an in-depth knowledge of uh plants and animal products is drugs uh good for human use
yeah thank you very much for coming today um I appreciate it very much and I'm G to put I'm just going to ask
anybody want to ask any question let's see um anybody from maybe from Down
Under everybody satanic congregation nice I don't mean to to turn you know
turn you away but does anybody have any right now let me just explain right now
you can go on the chat that we have here and you can post a question if you're
curious about something or you want to follow up on anything just give me a
thank you Edward thank you Edward I appreciate it um that's the approach that newer medicine is taking look at
this somebody thank you Dr Al you're welcome that um do that one it says that's the approach yeah where'd it go
oh it disappeared look at that that's the approach that newer medicine is taking well that's interesting I hope it
is I hope it is Neo prototype I hope it is because I think there's a lot of
valuable stuff there that we kind of we kind of dropped you know um in the Middle Ages kind of dropped and Let It
Go by the wayside I think we're behind a little a little bit we can't end without any mention of Mark
145 yeah what is that Mark 1451 and 52 says Jesus Christ was arrested in a
public park at 400 a.m. with a naked boy screaming I am not a child trafficker um
that's what the Greek says check it out go to the next one why do you think scientists are bringing back these old
recipes oh yeah no I've actually talked um I've talked with a couple of
biochemists now um three actually three yeah and there's an interest of course
in novel sources of Novel drugs I think that's what it is mostly but the
approach and every person that I've talked to um the approach has always been what's the one thing that's going
to you know we're going to stud we're going to find one drug and we're going to study that one drug and what it does
the body and that's going to be our drug it's a very one-dimensional approach and
um scientists are going and Physicians are going to have to get used to a new
model if they if they're ever G to embrace what the Greeks were doing
they're gonna have you you're going to have to um change the way you think
about medicine being a one drug straight One Direction Vector to a cure um that
it's life is not like that um and what can you do though with our capacity now
right what can you do except take one of these formulas and hash out what all the
chemistry is in each of those plants but if I've got 45 ing gradients you know
and this is what biochemists say to me um you know it's too much it's overload
right it's overload there's so much that can be going on you'd have to I had one tell me you'd have to make a a model AI
an AI it was Hamilton I think it was Hamilton you'd have to make construct an AI that would be able to break down what
every drug is doing and how not only that but you got to have what it's doing in the body and I know for a fact th
just those interactions alone I can't imagine with our level of tech being able to track that
um yeah it's just it's information overload it was much better when the
knowledge of how to do that was um was
cified by religious groups yeah religious slash Physicians slash
remember the Temple of esus with the serpent on it right our symbol of medicine um that's all a cult that's not
that's not you know ancient um John's Hopkins right it's a it's a cult
let's go um question could we cover the counterfeit drugs more I think it would
be interesting to understand how they grifted in comparison for the real deal that's a great question Carrie that's a
great question um yeah gayen warns us he says you get
adulterations and it will change he said you can tell from the color you can tell
from the texture you can tell from The Taste whether or not something's been
adulterated and he even says in some cases he says hey um this stuff that
they're trying to Pawn off is lynian is not right you notice it doesn't have the
seal and the colors a little bit off um so people are trying to to um adulterate
drugs obviously for the same reason they do now right if you can take um a cheap
substance and put it into um your drug as a substitute um you're going to
because you're going to be you know making more coin um but uh gayen says
it's it's it become a huge problem so the response of doctors um and seals
that that's an entire it's a mechanism to keep the drugs legitimate it's almost
like a an old FDA or something right um when when when this drug has my stamp on
it you know that I produce quality material right Dr Andreas sucks don't go
to him right right um but this other guy is great right gaylen's always talking
about these Physicians all the time so notice can you notice that the Physicians are a lot
more uh well-rounded well-rounded in Antiquity I
don't know this science of geology I don't know the Metallurgy I don't know
the you know um X Y and Z about die formation and Morant how do you use
Morant to fix the dyes and what does that do um to the entire drug the
doctors in Antiquity are having to have this working active understanding of
plants and animal substances and dirts and spits and urine
right can you imagine that after after a long day of traveling and you know
Finding buying 20,000 these pills and got to get them got to get them back to
the marketplace and you know now you've got patience you got to drink their urine it's it's a tough life you know
sounds like a tough life is there anything interesting in the Greek text of
Leviticus that's that's of course it's all interesting right it's all
interesting um uh you know you can talk about the oils that are used in the preparation
for the priesthood the of the tent you know they call that tent in Greek the
testerian right what is testerian it's an oracular um place that you can capture
the voice of a god very Pagan very Pagan but they're using the same um they're using this not
only the same uh plants um but also you know when Moses is holding up the
serpent back in Exodus there's a reason there's a reason remember those Priests
of hesus who are that unquenchable
fire right they hold up the snake they hold up the snake right the
Egyptians know about the craft as well right they do they have their own traditions and to be honest their
medical Traditions suck compared to the Greek the Hebrews Papyrus is garbage compared to the Greek and it's not it's
not because you know the people were not smart the Egyptians were dummies or anything um it's a fact that um the
language that they use is hindering their capacity for abstract thinking and
the Greek language um encouraged it and uh just whipped the garbage out of every
other language in the mediterran Marcus aelius the Roman Emperor is writing in Greek he's writing in Greek he taking
his Greek thec and he's writing in Greek and people are like look he looks so handsome powerful yeah he's a drugie
he's a junkie people and galen's complaining about having given more opium all the time yes go to how about
can we go to modern day limnos and try to recreate the medicine I'd say that
would be worth a shot ion I would I'd say that that would be um and you know
somebody somebody is g to be in trapped and try to go all the way you know you
know it'll probably be somebody who sees the positive benefit right I mean imagine this thing supposedly you know
if we have the purple and we can supposedly treat
tumors um wouldn't we want access at least to analyze this stuff and see what's going on I don't know it seems
like a seems like a no-brainer I'll catch you guys I thought we'd go this summer um but no it didn't work out
greed one boo let's go to the next one um when did gayen live second century
anod Domin during the reign of Marcus aelius and a little bit thereafter yeah
he was comus is physician too he kind thought kedus was a [__] yeah love it
go to the next one go to the okay give me one comment here here how about yeah
oh look at that I know someone oh I know someone who tried to suck the
venom out of a snake bite of a child are they a vampire my God
man um are they a vampire um yeah uh
speaking of vampires that's a very Greek thing that's a it right draon the order
of the Dragon is a great concept right draon what is that draon um yeah uh
that's that power that that guardianship um and the funny thing is
when you are listen this is what I I find is neat maybe is there an medical
application for this I don't know but medically it's interesting to think about when I am on that wave of the
communion and I've had the drug I've had the thec and I had with it the um thoy
the death inducers that death State inducer um when I've got those drugs on
board um I get a thirst for blood and a
taste for flesh I get a thirst for blood and a taste for
flesh uh I've seen rights that use um
baby blood I've seen it um um they were Christian sex I was
looking at early Christian sex um and the stuff that they did there's a lot of stuff going on man um and you can never
draw a line between what's the religion and what's the what's the medicine yep
okay I think we'll call it um Cerberus get that off there get that get off
thank satanic congregation thank you for that thank you for that thank you for
showing up um to all of uh to all of our friends in Australia um who are looking
at modern medicine and its approaches as being insufficient um I think those and
those professional physicians in Antiquity those midwives all of those pharmacologists I think they would say
the same thing I think they would look at us and say what a simplistic stupid approach it's probably their language
set Anglo saxing garbage probably um thank you very much for coming tonight
watch this video now nice mesmerizing hit it Chey hell Satan Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtle shell magic even stronger than the drugs to sell are the
songs the magic fleece Darkness through
dreams an animal skin with the song of the
queen written there with Magic ink guarded by a dragon in the grave
of Mars on the east side of the Black Sea Dragon Venom from the god with
horns I am being ionic watch the image
jeude letters in Greek cornicopia oroborus Cleo media and bacus
the dragon Venom will knock them back phas
interferometry tra is floating Crazy Eyes drinking purple meat
and whiskey with Lady media straight out of
Babylon Venus with a penis goat horns of [Music]
Alexander hit you with the Mana bro set on the DMT way up the elemental peace slang
what words really mean Dragon Venom of marest dreams
[Music]